welcome to your very own Tara dalal's
kitchen i nutritionist Muruga today
we'll prepare zero oil doll named Shahid
doll the richness of any Shahi dish
usually comes from cream Appa need here
I have substituted cream with low-fat
milk mixed with corn flour which taste
equally delicious and creamy so let's
take in a recipe
you
first we'll pressure-cook the ORAC doll
for that will combine aura doll I have
soap and drain then I'll add finely
chopped ginger finely chopped green
chillies salt and water will mix it well
and will pressure cook for 2 whistles
let's check a doll is cooked properly
we'll just whisk it well that's it we'll
keep it aside and we'll prepare a
masalas first we need a deep non-stick
pan since we're not going to use any oil
it's very important that the pan is hot
enough now we'll add cumin seeds and
we'll dry roast for 30 seconds now we'll
lower the flame and we'll add onions and
again dry roast for 1 to 2 minutes if
you think your onions are burning you
can sprinkle a little water
now we'll add a cook dull garam masala
water
we'll mix it well and allow it to cook
for two to three minutes try to include
this aura doll in your diet regularly
because a good source of folic acid and
zinc will add canola and low-fat milk
mixture and little salt will mix it well
and will again cook for one minute and
here are thick and creamy dollies ready
to garnish it with little coriander and
here your creamy delicious Shahi Dallas
ready serve it immediately
download the terlalu
app on your Apple and Android devices
follow us on the Facebook and Tlatelolco
if you enjoy a recipes click like to see
more of my recipes click here please
share your comments I would love to hear
them and waiting for them